[Radar] add glossary for route leak detection (#6806)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/radar/glossary.md

Border Gateway Protocol (BGP) is the routing protocol for the Internet. Much like the post office processing mail, BGP picks the most efficient routes for delivering Internet traffic. A BGP announcement is a way for an AS to say to another, "When you receive traffic to this network prefix, please send it to me". That message is then processed and (possibly) forwarded to other ASes, allowing for every AS in the path to learn where to send traffic to that network prefix. Learn more [here](https://www.cloudflare.com/en-gb/learning/security/glossary/what-is-bgp/).

## BGP Route Leaks

[BGP route leaks](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc7908.html) are defined as the propagation of routing announcements beyond their intended scope.

> In Cloudflare Radar, you can view the detected route leak events on the corresponding ASN pages. The columns in the table are defined as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Cloudflare Radar, you can inspect the detected route leak events on the corresponding autonomous system number (ASN) pages. The columns in the table are defined as follows:
```

Reviewer: Where are these pages? Any link we can add to this?

Reviewer: Also, replaced `view` with `inspect` as we try to use inclusive language whenever possible.

Reviewer 2: @marciocloudflare  There are no links right now because an AS page can have route leaks or not, so I suggest we leave it as in. In the future we will have an aggregation page on Radar, we can add the links then.

> * `From`: the AS from which the routes are learned from
> * `By`: the AS that leaked the routes, or the "leaker"
> * `To`: the AS that received and propagated the leaked routes
> * `Start` and `End`: the starting and ending time of a route leak event
> * `BGP Msgs.`: the number of BGP announcements that contain leaked routes
> * `Prefixes`: the number of IP prefixes a route leak event affects
> * `Origins`: the number of origin ASes a route leak event affects
> * `Vatange Points`: the number of route collectors that observed a route leak event

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `From`: The autonomous system (AS) from which the routes are learned from.
* `By`: The AS that leaked the routes, or the leaker.
* `To`: The AS that received and propagated the leaked routes.
* `Start` and `End`: The starting and ending time of a route leak event.
* `BGP Msgs.`: The number of BGP announcements that contain leaked routes.
* `Prefixes`: The number of IP prefixes a route leak event affects.
* `Origins`: The number of origin ASes a route leak event affects.
* `Vatange Points`: The number of route collectors that observed a route leak event.
```

> Learn more about our route leak detection system design and usages [here](https://blog.cloudflare.com/route-leak-detetion).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn more about our route leak detection system design and usages  in [Protecting Cloudflare Customers from BGP Insecurity with Route Leak Detection](https://blog.cloudflare.com/route-leak-detection/) blog post.
```
